very good to all kids welcome
this new gameplay ras
experimental today I bring you the news
that this week brings the update of
flush version because I think that
They are interesting and maybe well, well,
you can dead
just died well, we respond from
new wake up
and as you can see we are in a quite area
desert that does not interest us now
the area itself
I'm interested in teaching you various things I do not know
if there will be a foundation here
johnson foundation this is a fundation
and we are going to take advantage of it and I am going to
teach several things well I told you the
last time they had already put new
new new foundation and so on
etc. I am going to teach you several things
the first is this kind of thing that is
true that in the previous one we are going to
build it as you see now has as
several steps before was a coup and it
was building now has several six is
they put two crossbeams another crossbeam
etcetera etcetera when to follow
building
let's continue to be worth
let's build one more because
I want to make it a little bigger so that
see some things before anything is worth
we are still there building
If I hear someone ai ai ai ai ai
well is it going to be worth it already we have
our foundation now let's open
here and how do you see me implement bar
they have implemented several things
many have actually implemented
implemented a menu where you exit a
Lots of options as you can see
build several things we give you here and
he is only building is possible
that you do not see the full screen and it's
because you flush with the program that I
I use does not record one hundred percent and
so then I have to make do
least a bit let's say to try
bring the game on the other hand have
implemented I am also here and it is
to put several clothes on top of that
we can put several to see if it leaves me not
I know if he leaves me he will not leave me and he will not
leave bad
good you can include several
you can include several here as you see
we have included new things between
them this is called metals explain
if we put this what we get
is that if they just give us there some kind
No bullet
We do not die or as it is said if they give us in
the head or any other side
We obviously bleed
happened before these are the things that have
included as to that here we have
the serious thing was the issues of houses
fire furnaces furnish or whatever you want
say you see here is pinball
and more things that I wanted to teach you here
they fuse arrow what the arrows are for
I do not know if there is to see if I wanted to show you
I do not know if this appears here as you see
now it looks like a cursor that is like a
arrow when we can catch something is
pretty good because if we have several
let's say several options
I'm going to put there for example the can fire
and we put here the can fire you see now
a point comes out when we only have one
option that is to open it we can not do
another thing then for example here if
let's get in
of split know
another split there and we put this here
and for example we have several options
which is for example now is turn it on or
open it because it does not come out is iconic that is
with a kind of menu we would give
we would keep
pressed the keyboard button and we could
open or start the fire you see really
The truth is that they are getting a
impressive effect if you look at the
sky is very hard with the moon and the background
the stars is very very currado very
curred
more than I was going to teach you the topic this
the blogs that is a crazy then
basically it 's a key now the
doors can you say block is a
system different from what the others had
doors because what is intended is
good that all the doors are not
same is to say that for example the
Street door can be blocked
from inside, they do not have to
block can simply be
doors to keep the cold or to
save other types of topics
decorative and then we can do
for example as the rooms of the
panic and so on etcetera in which
we can block the more things too
what can we do for a moment a little more
we can do
As you can see, they have also included another type
of things like beltrán that is a
kind of bear trap and also
immobilizes people good to hunt
bears is pretty good and little else this
It's basically the ones I wanted to teach you
for the server change because you
I wanted to basically teach some things
and now that I have here built this
Well, I can teach it because the
true that does not let me build a
sponge that I do not know how to get and
well basically it's the goal of
these teach a little that can be done
now not from this new
update what is good to do are
walls as you see these half walls and
apart you can build some walls
on top of others there is no problem
have had in the previous update
that you could only build a wall and
you had to put ceiling you could not
build higher if you did not put that
a roof from now on can be
make huge ships that is a roof
huge five- story and then the roof
on the fifth floor that is not necessary
let's say put intermediate plants that in
Regarding the subject d
let's say a little construction in
how many commands have added a new
command called elevator munitis
moody's sensor and if we put in the
censor console moody ti one
what we do is censor then good
that the man goes like that a little naked
that you can see the neck there and those
things
and well basically it's good for that
the people like that a little more purist then
can put is the command the same as
fat pnv to which you have it in another video
that I uploaded you on the 5 most commands
important of web trail joins that
list and little else up here was a
little news from russell las
news of this latest update
by the way now with this last
update the field has been expanded
let's say charging the game is true that
developers have commented that it is
a problem for them with those who
they do not have a computer with many with
a lot of performance, well, good
lagazós but they say they are going to
value a bit let's say that in the background
I think there is one and in the background they are going to
value a bit let's say
the balance between good then have it
let's say it charges pretty far let's say
all the trees and so on etcetera with
the performance and how good they are
touching and they are watching what
they are the best options and so far
the novelties of russell occur
development to give the jce you liked
favorites subscribe to the channel if
you want more rush news because I'll go
bringing news when you see that there
something important we are in the next
greetings and see you soon